---
date: "2018-05-22"
path: "/legal/website-privacy"
title: "Website Visitor Privacy Policy"
weight: 2
---

This Website Visitor Privacy Policy sets out our commitment to protecting the privacy of Personal Information collected by us through this website (the **“Website”**).

In this Website Visitor Privacy Policy **“you”** means a visitor to our Website and **“we”** or **“us”** means Dovetail Research Pty Ltd (ABN 84 615 270 025).

## What we log about you

Our Website uses Google Analytics and Google AdWords conversion tracking.

Google Analytics uses ‘cookies’ (text files stored in your browser to allow us to analyze how you use our Website). In common with other businesses using Google Analytics the data that is generated by the cookie (including your IP address) is forwarded to a Google server in the USA and stored there.

IP anonymization is enabled on this Website. This means we will truncate / anonymize the last 4 digits of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the cookie send the full IP address to Google, who themselves are committed to truncating the IP address.

We use the information collected by Google Analytics and Google AdWords to help us understand how you use our Website, in order to improve our Website for all visitors.

You can change the settings on your browser to prevent cookies being stored, and you also have the option to stop the capture of data that is generated and processed by Google cookies by downloading and installing [this plug-in](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout) from Google.

## Amendments

This Website Visitor Privacy Policy may be amended, including with changes, additions and deletions, from time to time in our sole discretion. Your continued use of our Website following any amendments indicates that you accept the amendments.

You should check this Website Visitor Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you are aware of any changes, and only proceed to use our Website if you accept the new Website Visitor Privacy Policy.

---

For questions and notices, please email [legal@dovetailapp.com](mailto:legal@dovetailapp.com).
